[terra-date-picker] Fix Accessibility issue - Part 1 (#1182)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-date-picker/CHANGELOG.md

Unreleased
----------
### Changed
* Updated date to be announced correctly by assistive technology.

> * Updated color for previous and next month button in calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated color for previous and next month buttons in calendar to meet the minimum contrast ratio.
```

Author: updated here https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1182/commits/0e9fcad64cba4b29008dc03c94eda0cec65c555f
